So, the two and a half days of
Bitcoin 2014 -
Amsterdam conference -
is now over.
It's been really interesting and
really busy.
We had a booth for BTC Store -
and we sold a lot of stuff at the booth.
We had a lot of interest and we also had the -
Lamassu Bitcoin ATM.
It was functioning and people also bought bitcoins from there.
There's been a huge amount of talks.
I'm looking forward to actually listening to them,
later on -
because I was networking and
didn't really have time to watch the talks.
But I did hear they were really good.
Hopefully they come online as soon as possible.
We've been doing interviews of key Bitcoin figures -
such as -
BitPay's CEO Tony Gallippi,
Bitstamp's CEO,
and Coinbase's COO.
We've had interesting discussions.
We're gonna publish the full interviews on the channel, so -
check them out!
After two and a half days of constant walking
and standing,
we're pretty much tired.
Everyone's a bit tired but I think that -
it was all worth it.
The conference was really interesting in many ways
and there's been a clear change
from last year.
The Bitcoin scene is much bigger
than it used to be -
It's different.
we have new companies and old companies -
everything is moving forward.
And -
the people that are just looking at the Bitcoin
headlines from the news -
don't really understand that infrastructure is -
growing at the huge rate and there's so
much innovation going on
and -
you don't see that from the newspapers.
So I'm looking at an exciting -
year for Bitcoin to come.
There have been a lot of product
launches at the conference.
Especially really visible is the new ATMs.
There's so many different ATM producers
and manufacturers
and new models for some ATM manufacturers -
like Lamassu.
The roadmap for getting Bitcoin mainstream -
I think, starts here.
We finally have the development of -
secure and convenient wallets,
multisig wallets
all kinds of new things that will make Bitcoin -
at the same time, more secure to use
and more easy to use -
and that will allow regular people to use Bitcoin
securely and easily
And hopefully we'll see
a lot of development on that side -
during the next year.
I think there's probably never been so
many central key Bitcoin figures -
in one conference.
I think this conference has almost everyone.
So, that's kind of a really good opportunity for
networking -
and getting to know the key people here.
And I think that -
at least for us -
it worked out successfully.
With Bitcoin 2014 -
Bitcoin took a huge step forward.
It's much more serious, -
there's a lot more companies,
it's much bigger -
and the level of innovation is incredible.
It's gonna be really interesting to see
how all of this develops
over the next six months and the next year.